[Doc] [refactor] Improve Taichi kernels and functions definition (#1576)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/hello.rst

  On other platforms, Taichi will make use of its on-demand memory allocator to adaptively allocate memory.

Tensors
-------

Taichi is a data-oriented programming language where **tensors** are the first-class citizens.

In the code above, ``pixels = ti.var(dt=ti.f32, shape=(n * 2, n))`` allocates a 2D dense tensor named ``pixels`` of
size ``(640, 320)`` with data type ``ti.f32`` (32-bit floating-point number).

Functions and kernels
---------------------

> Computation resides in Taichi **kernels**. Kernel arguments must be type-hinted.

Author: ```suggestion
Computation resides in Taichi **kernels**, which is defined with the decorator ``@ti.kernel``.
Kernel arguments must be type-hinted (if any).
```

The language used in Taichi kernels and functions looks much like Python, yet the Taichi frontend compiler converts it
into a language that is **compiled, statically-typed, lexically-scoped, parallel and differentiable**.

> Taichi **functions**, which can be called by Taichi kernels and other Taichi functions, should be defined with the keyword ``ti.func``.

Author: ```suggestion
Taichi **functions** are defined with the decorator ``@ti.func``.
They can be called by Taichi kernels and other Taichi functions.
```

Tensors
-------

Taichi is a data-oriented programming language where **tensors** are the first-class citizens.

In the code above, ``pixels = ti.var(dt=ti.f32, shape=(n * 2, n))`` allocates a 2D dense tensor named ``pixels`` of
size ``(640, 320)`` with data type ``ti.f32`` (32-bit floating-point number).

Functions and kernels
---------------------

Computation resides in Taichi **kernels**. Kernel arguments must be type-hinted.
The language used in Taichi kernels and functions looks much like Python, yet the Taichi frontend compiler converts it
into a language that is **compiled, statically-typed, lexically-scoped, parallel and differentiable**.

Taichi **functions**, which can be called by Taichi kernels and other Taichi functions, should be defined with the keyword ``ti.func``.

.. note::

  **Taichi-scopes v.s. Python-scopes**: everything decorated with ``@ti.kernel`` and ``@ti.func`` is in Taichi-scope, which will be compiled by the Taichi compiler.

  Everything else is in Python-scopes. They are simply Python native code.

.. warning::

  Taichi kernels must be called in the Python-scope. I.e., **nested kernels are not supported**.

> 
>   But nested functions are allowed. **Recursive functions are not supported for now**.

Author: ```suggestion
  Nested functions are allowed. **Recursive functions are not supported for now**.
```

Tensors
-------

Taichi is a data-oriented programming language where dense or spatially-sparse tensors are the first-class citizens.

See :ref:`sparse` for more details on sparse tensors.

In the code above, ``pixels = ti.var(dt=ti.f32, shape=(n * 2, n))`` allocates a 2D dense tensor named ``pixels`` of
size ``(640, 320)`` and element data type ``ti.f32`` (i.e. ``float`` in C).

Functions and kernels
---------------------

> Computation resides in Taichi **kernels**, which is defined with the decorator ``@ti.kernel``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computation resides in Taichi **kernels** which are defined with the decorator ``@ti.kernel``.
```

Kernel arguments must be type-hinted (if any).
The language used in Taichi kernels and functions looks exactly like Python, yet the Taichi frontend compiler converts it
into a language that is **compiled, statically-typed, lexically-scoped, parallel and differentiable**.

Taichi **functions** are defined with the decorator ``@ti.func``.

> They can be called by Taichi kernels and other Taichi functions.

Reviewer: Nit: you could join the above 2 sentences with 'and' and replace the 'and' there with 'or'.

Functions and kernels
---------------------

Computation resides in Taichi **kernels** and Taichi **functions**.

Taichi **kernels** are defined with the decorator ``@ti.kernel``.
They can be called from Python to perform computation.
Kernel arguments must be type-hinted (if any).

Taichi **functions** are defined with the decorator ``@ti.func``.
They can be called by Taichi kernels or other Taichi functions.

See :ref:`syntax` for more details about Taichi kernels and functions.

The language used in Taichi kernels and functions looks exactly like Python, yet the Taichi frontend compiler converts it into a language that is **compiled, statically-typed, lexically-scoped, parallel and differentiable**.

.. note::

  **Taichi-scopes v.s. Python-scopes**:

  Everything decorated with ``@ti.kernel`` and ``@ti.func`` is in Taichi-scope
  and hence will be compiled by the Taichi compiler.

>   Everything else is in Python-scopes. They are simply Python native code.

Reviewer 2: Shall we unify the format for `Python-scope` and `Taichi-scope`? If one is using plural, the other one should too.

Author: ```suggestion
  Everything decorated with ``@ti.kernel`` and ``@ti.func`` is in Taichi-scope
  and hence will be compiled by the Taichi compiler.

  Everything else is in Python-scope. They are simply Python native code.
```
Yes, I believe non-plural form is easier to read.

.. warning::

  Taichi kernels must be called from the Python-scope.
  Taichi functions must be called from the Taichi-scope.

.. note::

    For those who come from the world of CUDA, ``ti.func`` corresponds to ``__device__`` while ``ti.kernel`` corresponds to ``__global__``.

.. warning::

  **Nested kernels are not supported**.

>   **Nested functions are allowed**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Nested functions are supported**.
```
Maybe align with the other two lines?
